what's up everybody welcome to the dice
house for the DCO commentary I bring
this video takes I want to talk about a
few things have come up past few days
since my last video mainly the whole
American Hero situation thing first off
I want to say you know I wasn't calling
out here oh I mean I know heroes good I
know he's good you know that and last
time we went up against each other you
know you know he got he got the better I
mean you know I give him props for that
girls always been a good one of you want
her I've never you know taking that you
know said said anything to take that
away from however you know my video that
I posted up talking about him you know
being a bit of a drama queen I mean I'm
not taking that back don't get me wrong
you know it was you know very drama
queen ask of him you know the way he
decided to you know go out no it wasn't
just about him I mean there's been
others to that done the same thing you
know I know those were people I was
addressing them as well but as far as
you know the reactions to and everything
especially his uh you know I honestly I
was surprised by um soon because you
know I mean I thought I thought he would
get you know the joke it was just a joke
we've done joke videos like that at each
other before um so I thought he would
get it apparently he did not though but
for everybody to sit there and start
saying that I was catching feelings
about the whole thing I mean I posted
one video up you know and I made the
joke and there was for video responses
around it the first two yeah they were
funny they were funny I laughed at and
all that but this the second the third
one and in the fourth one I mean y'all
say I caught feelings but I mean
seriously you know post up for videos in
a 24-hour period think about folks who
really caught feelings on that anyways I
know if they want to talk about is
because somebody else posted up a video
not even a you know dignify him by you
know
his name on here but somebody else
posted a video talking about saying I
got him suspended from the game first
off all right if I find any videos on
youtube or if I find any twitch streams
um that are showcasing in glitches okay
showcasing any glitches in the game and
all that I'm going to show them to the
devs because I want those glitches fixed
just like I would think all of you would
want any glitches fixed that people
could use to exploit this game you know
cheat in arenas you know cheat in pv
even you know that basically cheat to
get ahead because they ain't get the
skill to do it on their own so yeah I
you know saw a video yeah I was in it
yeah I got beat in it um I'm not you
know upset about losing you know in
matches or 1b ones like that I didn't
you know report the individual at all I
merely brought the video to the
attention of the devs because you know i
saw a glitch I saw the exploit and I
felt that you know they would want fixed
I wanted fixed I felt you all would want
to fix too but now this person you know
is taking a personal vendetta against me
and all that has been you know
trash-talking me in the game and all
that and apparently he got reported for
it I did not do this reporting I could
have I was well within my rights to do
so but i didn't i didn't do it and
apparently this guy he got a warning for
it um first off I'm just going to say
this uh if you guys don't want to get
reported for anything and don't do
anything you get reported for second of
all have I reported people in the past
for things yes I have things said about
me and things said about other people I
am i ashamed of this in any way not in
the least not in the least why am I not
ashamed this because you know what
there's kids playing this game there are
kids playing this game I've got rules in
my own league that you know restrict
some of the you know talking around you
know some of these kids I've got I don't
know there's an eleven-year-old my kin
in
league and he's a damn good he's a damn
good player so I you know but at the
same time I don't want to be responsible
for exposed to somebody's kid to stuff
because I got kids in my own so yeah
there's restrictions on it and everybody
in my league has to follow those rules
yes including mr. Nimbus Yosh what
Nimbus does outside the league and with
his own channel that's on him and that's
his own business I don't get involved in
that um but now you know there's people
out there and the funniest thing is
there's another video out there now from
another individuals I definitely am NOT
going to you know dignify him by giving
his name now but you know he's posting
up a video about me talking about saying
he has all I'm a snitch and blah blah
blah and everything but at the same time
the same individual just a few months
ago was threatening to get a lawyer to
sue another player and soe because they
wouldn't take action against him because
he was using racial slurs in the game
and he was being called a racist for it
but it's okay for hit this guy to hire a
lawyer but it's not cool for me to you
know report somebody for calling me a
pedophile or anything like that or
reporting a glitch to the developers
though yeah it's okay see there's a lot
of deriding going around in this game
folks and a lot of it gets focused on me
sometimes because you know I stand up
for what I believe in I don't you know
really bounce around on on those topics
at all anyways I just wanted to bring
out all your attention everything let
y'all know about that let me know what
you guys think of the video let me know
in the comments below if you liked it
please do so by giving a thumbs up if
you have nuts already please subscribe